So let's go ahead with creating
our first VPC in AWS.
So VPC stands for Virtual Private Cloud.
And you can have multiple VPC within a single AWS region.
You could have a maximum of five per region,
but this is a soft limit, so you can increase it.
And the number of CIDRs assigned per VPC is five.
Now for each CIDR, the minimum size is /28,
so that means at least 16 IP addresses.
The maximum size is /16, which is at max
65,536 IP addresses.
And because VPC is a private resource,
only Private IPv4 ranges are allowed.
So again, as a reminder, we have this range,
that range, and that range.
Now how do we choose the range for our VPC
in terms of what types of VP are we going to assign to it?
Well, the general rule is that you can assign
whatever you want, but you should make sure
that your VPC CIDR does not overlap
with your other VPCs or other networks
or corporate networks, and the reason we do so
is that if you want to connect them together,
we want to make sure the IP addresses
of one VPC or one CIDR do not overlap
with the range of IP addresses of other networks.
So at the end of this hands-on,
we're just going to have within a region a simple VPC.
So let's get started.